Add clarification in EKS OIDC definition (#226)
cert-manager/website: content/en/docs/configuration/acme/dns01/route53.md

    eks.amazonaws.com/role-arn: arn:aws:iam::XXXXXXXXXXX:role/cert-manager
```

> Make sure there is no `role: arn...` field on the issuer definition, otherwise you might end up with `sts:assumerole` permission error. The issuer or clusterissuer resource definition in case of EKS OIDC should look a like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure there is no `eks.amazonaws.com/role-arn` annotation on the issuer definition, otherwise you might end up with `sts:assumerole` permission error. The issuer or clusterissuer resource definition in case of EKS OIDC should look a like this:
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion @meyskens !

I modified wording and fixed a few more typos. Hopefully looks better now, ty!

    eks.amazonaws.com/role-arn: arn:aws:iam::XXXXXXXXXXX:role/cert-manager
```

Make sure there is no `role: arn:aws:iam::YYYYYYYYYYYY:role/dns-manager` field on the issuer definition, otherwise you might end up with `sts:assumerole` permission error.  

Example of `issuer` or `clusterissuer` EKS OIDC definition:

```yaml
apiVersion: cert-manager.io/v1alpha2
kind: ClusterIssuer
metadata:
  name: letsencrypt-dvl
spec:
  acme:
    email: user@email.com
    server: https://acme-v02.api.letsencrypt.org/directory
    privateKeySecretRef:
      name: tls-key
    solvers:
    - selector:
        dnsZones:
          - "foobar.cloud"
          - "*.foobar.cloud"
      dns01:
        route53:
          region: us-east-1
          hostedZoneID: ABCD123

```

> To check for errors, create a `certificate` resource to kickstart the process and monitor  `cert-manager` pod logs.

Reviewer: It is not advice to use the cert-manager logs for investigating issues, cert-manager reports all events back to Kubernetes which you can see using `kubectl describe`

Author: > It is not advice to use the cert-manager logs for investigating issues, cert-manager reports all events back to Kubernetes which you can see using `kubectl describe`

Hi! I see, I did not recall checking the output of `describe` tbh. Unfortunately I won't be able to test the scenario anytime soon. What about closing the PR and re-openning it when we can test the error log appears when describing the resource? I might be able to do so in a few weeks.

Reviewer: Is good! feel free to close it!
